Barovia Day 2

After spending the night in the late burgomaster's mansion, the party decided to head to Vallaki and persuaded Ismark to join them. Leaving in the morning the party hopes to arrive in Vallaki before dusk.

After crossing the river Ivlis the group found themselves at a crossroads with an empty gallows on the side of the road, and a small graveyard across from it. The party decided to head towards a Vastani camp. While leaving the crossroads the party hears the gallows creak and see it is no longer empty, but a corpse hangs from it now, a normal seeming corpse to most, but Tusk sees himself hanging from the rope. Peter quickly discovers it is an illusion and when he touches it with his mage hand, the corpse disappears.

After being spooked, the party now heads North for real and arrive at the Vastani camp.

The camp leaders tells them they are expected, for the fortune teller Madam Eva has foretold of their coming, and they go see her in her tent. Madam Eva already knows their names and of their past accomplishments and adventures. She foretells their futures with a set of tarot cards.


<<Card Reading Details (adjustments to the benefit of the story are in progress)>>


After this EXCITING encounter the party soon leaves the Vastani encampment, but not without being warned about a dangerous windmill on the road to Vallaki. Somewhere on the mountainside, in the dense forest, they run into a group of plant-like creatures that are hostile and attack them. Slaying these creatures with ease, the party continues onward, crossing a bridge near a waterfall, heading deeper into the valley.

The party passes by the road leading up to Castle Ravenloft and hurries on through another set of gigantic gates, similar to the ones they saw when arriving in Barovia the day before.

When the party came upon another split in the road, they saw an old windmill and decided to check it out, against the cautions of Ismark and the Vastani captain. Aelaer snuck up on the windmill, where a raven sat atop a beam above the door, it seemed to warn Aelaer from entering the windmill.

The party enters the windmill hearing cackling laughter coming from above and after Birick shouts up, an old frumpy old woman descends the stairwell. She wants to sell the party pastries, and after some back and forward, the woman chases them out. On the doorstep two pastries are still bought from the woman and Birick tries to discern who the other people in the windmill are. He threatens to come back in and go upstairs, but the woman calls for the women to come down. At this point, Peter silently casts a spell at the woman, seemingly misreading the situation. The party is not aware of Peter's actions, but soon learns of his mistake, as the women start hurling spells at the group, but the party is though and they fight back, Birick manages to hit the woman standing in the door with his bought pastry. They soon learn they are outmatched and when Peter gets knocked unconscious, Tusk uses his quick thinking to bar the door using his crowbar, giving the party an opportunity to flee.

After bravely running away, the party heroically continues on to Vallaki. While investigating the bought pastry they find a small tooth in the meaty filling. spotting a few humans lurking in the forest, but arriving in Vallaki before dusk, without any further events. They soon find the inn and decide to stay there for the night.
